i played with john terry
it wouldn't just be a hello and why
would you have a drink and sit with them
and
i was rio's little brother to them all
what was your initial thoughts on it um
i was confused man
just like well where's this come from it
was a colleague of mine who i played
with
with england who i'd been out on many
nights out with
and i was just disappointed with the way
it unraveled man and
listen we never really spoke about it
because i don't know why we haven't
really spoken about it in real depth but
the first initial thing was like
something needs to be said
but everyone was saying but
a few close friends and family mum
especially
and dad everyone else is saying don't
say nothing
let the lawyers deal with it let this go
to court it will be sorted out
and i feel guilty sometimes because i'm
your big brother and i've always been
protective i should just come out and
just said it but i just felt powerless
i felt like all i kept thinking was how
is this happening to my brother
i should have spoke out some of me deep
down i wouldn't have wanted you to do
that
personally because
if it would have affected your career if
it would have affected
where you was at the time